feat(jobs): Add job to migrate analytics data from influx to postgres (#230)
Flagsmith/flagsmith-charts: charts/flagsmith/templates/NOTES.txt

See https://docs.flagsmith.com/deployment/locally-api#creating-a-secret-key
{{- end }}

{{- if .Values.influxdb2.enabled }}

######################################
##### Warning: influxdb2 #####
######################################

InfluxDB2 is deprecated and will be removed in the next major version.

> You can either use InfluxDBExternal or migrate your analytics data to PostgreSQL by using the migrateAnalyticsData job

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please set values under the `influxdbExternal` key
or migrate your analytics data to PostgreSQL by enabling `jobs.migrateAnalytics`.
```
